Copy edit pass (#73)
ember-learn/super-rentals-tutorial: src/chapters/02-building-pages.md

ember server
```

> In this chapter, you will build the first few pages of your Ember app and set up links between them. By the end of this chapter, you should have new `/about` and `/contact` pages linked to your landing page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this chapter, you will build the first few pages of your Ember app and set up links between them. By the end of this chapter, you should two new pages built – an "About" page and a "Contact" page. These pages will be linked to from your landing page:
```

The contact page's URL is actually _not_ `/contact`.
